So you know that David wasn't much older than you boys when he went up against Goliath
Can you imagine going up against such a huge giant just help with was he king has a kaya well?
He was this tall
His shoulders were this wide his sword was sharp and it was this long David most have been scared a
Little do you remember what he said to Saul David said I killed a bear and the lion
Jehovah won't be killed Goliath's and then what happened?
I know David puts five stones in a bag and he says I am coming to you in the name of Jehovah
Then he takes the stone out of his bag and he slings it with all his power and my
Echolitis setting kills him and then he cuts off his head
I want to be brave like David
It can be if you trust in Jehovah just like David did and remember with Jehovah on our side anything is possible